feat: add slug reservation mechanism (#756)
openedx/enterprise-access: docs/decisions/0029_slug_reservations.rst

ADR-001: Enterprise Slug Reservation System Architecture
********************************************************

:Date: June 2025
:Authors: iloveagent57, Titans Engineering Team
:Feature: Self-Service Purchasing - Slug Reservation Race Condition

Status
======
**Accepted** (June 2025)

Context
=======

The self-service Teams subscription checkout flow has an inherent race condition during the delay
between Stripe checkout session creation and actual EnterpriseCustomer provisioning. This delay window consists of:

1. User submits checkout form
2. Stripe payment processing and webhook delivery
3. Salesforce automation triggers
4. Provisioning API call creates EnterpriseCustomer

> This creates opportunities for multiple users to reserve the same enterprise slug,
> leading to downstream provisioning failures in several scenarios:
> 
> * Eager administrators double-clicking submit buttons
> * Frontend JavaScript errors causing duplicate API calls  
> * Malicious actors intentionally spamming checkout forms with identical slugs

Reviewer: I'd move "multiple users trying to reserve the same slug" into the list as an additional bullet point.
```suggestion
This creates opportunities for the same enterprise slug to be provisioned twice,
leading to downstream provisioning failures in several scenarios:

* Multiple admins attempting to submit the form using the same slug.
* Eager admins double-clicking submit buttons.
* Frontend JavaScript errors causing duplicate API calls.
* Malicious actors intentionally spamming checkout forms with identical slugs.
```
